>> Sarah Drasner: Probably the biggest
thing that you need to understand before
we move forward and
in order to animate is transform-origin.
Transform-origin is really like
the thing that keeps your animation or
can make or break your animation in
terms of whether it's believable.
So transform-origin,
when you're spinning something around,
transform-origin wants to start here,
which is totally counterintuitive.
You'd assume that when you're animating
something it would spin like that, right?
You would think that, that would be 50-50.
Most of what I'm doing is setting
50-50 [LAUGH] transform-origin.
But if let's say you
have an arm on a robot or
something that you're moving around,
you wouldn't want it starting here either.
You'd probably want it starting over here
so that it can swing around and stuff.
So this again is always,
it's always these x/y values,
x/y values, so
we're finding the percentage.
You can use things like top,
left, center, center.
I would suggest not doing that,
and using percentages instead.
Because if you need to knock something
into place, then you just change a number
a little bit, rather than rewrite
the code, you know what I'm saying?
So instead of saying,
if I have center-center, and
I find out that I need to change the
transform-origin just a little bit I can
just modify those percentages by a little
bit and kind of put it in place.
Whereas if I've used the named ones,
I'd have to rewrite it.
So this pen by Dan Wilson I think
does a pretty good job of showing you
where those transform-origins live.